c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\NoteApp.exe.config
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\AdNote.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\NoteDetail.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\NotesMap.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\NoteApp.xr.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\NoteApp.exe
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\NoteApp.pdb
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\NoteApp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\Json.NET.Web.dll
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\PortableRest.dll
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\PortableRest.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\AdNote.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\AdNote.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NoteDetail.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NoteDetail.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NotesMap.g.i.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NotesMap.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\AdNote.xaml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NoteDetail.xaml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NotesMap.xaml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\AdNote.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NoteDetail.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NotesMap.xbf
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NoteApp.exe
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NoteApp.pdb
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NoteApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\ericsson6\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NoteApp\NoteApp\obj\Debug\NoteApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
